GPU Operator 25.3.0 release docs (#165)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/gpu-operator-rdma.rst

The kernel mode support is provided by one of two approaches: DMA-BUF from the Linux kernel or the legacy ``nvidia-peermem`` kernel module.
NVIDIA recommends using the DMA-BUF rather than using the ``nvidia-peermem`` kernel module from the GPU Driver.

The Operator uses GDS driver version 2.17.5 or newer.
This version and higher is only supported with the NVIDIA Open GPU Kernel module driver.
In GPU Operator v25.3.0 and later, the ``driver.kernelModuleType`` default is ``auto``, for the supported driver versions. 
This configuration allows the GPU Operator to choose the recommended driver kernel module type depending on the driver branch and the GPU devices available. 

> Newer driver versions will use the open kernel module by default, however to make sure you are using the open kernel model, include ``--set driver.kernelModuleType=open`` command-line argument in your helm Operator install command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer driver versions will use the open kernel module by default, however to make sure you are using the open kernel module, include ``--set driver.kernelModuleType=open`` command-line argument in your helm Operator install command.
```

Author: updated!

The kernel mode support is provided by one of two approaches: DMA-BUF from the Linux kernel or the legacy ``nvidia-peermem`` kernel module.
NVIDIA recommends using the DMA-BUF rather than using the ``nvidia-peermem`` kernel module from the GPU Driver.

The Operator uses GDS driver version 2.17.5 or newer.
This version and higher is only supported with the NVIDIA Open GPU Kernel module driver.

> Newer driver versions will use an open kernel module by default, however to make sure you are using an open model, you can include the ``--set driver.kernelModuleType=open`` command-line arugment in your Operator install command.

Reviewer: IMO We should be more explicit here.  Let's mention that the supported driver versions of the gpu-operator will support the new `auto` mode, which will choose the recommended driver kernel module type depending on the driver branch and the GPU device

Author: i updated the wording here, can you take another look?

Reviewer: Yes, looks great, thank you! Added one more comment

        -n gpu-operator --create-namespace \
        nvidia/gpu-operator \
        --version=${version} \

>         --set driver.kernelModuleType=open \

Author: updated the sample here to match the sample in the other section!

        -n gpu-operator --create-namespace \
        nvidia/gpu-operator \
        --version=${version} \
        --set gds.enabled=true

Add ``--set driver.rdma.enabled=true`` to the command to use the legacy ``nvidia-peermem`` kernel module.

> Add ``--set driver.kernelModuleType=open`` if you are using driver version other than 570.86.15 or 570.124.06.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
Add ``--set driver.kernelModuleType=open`` if you are using a driver version from a branch earlier R570
```

Author: updated!
